= Ruby Blue

This project is forked from the original and modified to my personal preference as well as to correct some inconsistencies with the style and appearance on the Ruby website.  Colors used in the code samples on the website for the Ruby programming language (http://ruby-lang.org).  Only the vim colorscheme is modified.  TextMate files have been removed from this fork.

== Installation

Using pathogen:
 
- $ cd ~/.vim/bundle
- $ git clone git://github.com/llnathanll/rubyblue.git

Or: 

1. Download rubyblue.vim
2. Copy it to: ~/vim/colors/

In vim or gvim type `:colors rubyblue` or add `colorscheme rubyblue` to your ~/.vimrc file.

== Original Licence

  Copyright (c) 2009, John W. Long.

  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
  of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to
  deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the
  rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or
  sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
  furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
  all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
  IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
  FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
  AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
  LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
  FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS
  IN THE SOFTWARE.
